Yufei is late
Don't wait.
Go to sleep
Listen to mom
Mom, King's Landing hasn't come back yet. I'll wait for him.
The Chu family is in a hurry today, so many people have a meeting
He had to frown.
I won't come back this time.
Two more to say
Mom, how can you say that to him?
He also apologized for our Ye family.
He risked his life alone
Not only do you not appreciate him, you also say that to him
What did you say?
We didn't beg him to go
I'm back!
Genie, are you okay?
It's okay, elf
You really came back
The Chu family has accepted your apology
They are the ones who should apologize
Now the Chamber of Commerce has disbanded
The Ye family is alright, disbanded
Xiaojun, what do you mean?
You explain it, mom
The third sister of the resident has been running for a day
Let him have a good rest.
King's Landing, I made you soup in the kitchen
I'm going to heat it up for you and bring it over
Yue Fei thank you
I'll go by myself.
Maybe.
He didn't even enter the door of the Chu family
He ran back in dismay
Mom
Don't say that to him again
Excuse me, is Miss Ye there?
Mr. Wang, Mr. Li
Why are you all here?
Please take a seat, Miss Ye, we dare not sit
Miss Ye, it's all our fault.
Please forgive us